hi everybody thank you everybody to
watch all my recipe on a computer today
we make a fried calamari yeah I was
invited the calamari I wash your avi
Cora this is the tuba calamari look a
nice and big ring it is this now with
the freckle oh man I want to make
marinara sauce everyone used garlic on
your path sorry I used my you owe your
baby the bigger the marinara sauce was
really hot now the caliber it's a
quarter before I fry I like the boiler -
calamari for four minutes
I put a little salt we put the calamari
for four minutes boy at the same time
already
that the calamari boil I put my oil or
read on a fry the be ready for the
calamari okay over here we put a garlic
on you yeah I want to put on my oh yes
baby the data the fry together this is
really hot the pepper I want to make the
sauce really hard
okay now the color - already 4-minute if
we drain the calamari look a nice cannot
be nice
so the marinara sauce already the plum a
tomato they doäôt squeeze about with my
hand a with amber eyes eyes only if this
will never cook like it maybe five
minutes after what I do I use it a
little machine agarra the squeeze all
that they may become an ice cream or the
dip of the calamari
okay now the marinara sauce what I do I
want to chopper with this that make a
nice like a cream
okay nice you are nicely looking a nice
creamy like this one it doublet dick for
the calamari it's really really good
it's a little hot sauce now where we do
we gotta start okay now this is only
flour what I do I use a little black
pepper and a flower okay now with Porter
the calamari
I don't wanna fry everything at one time
got one the calamari the camera really
really nice
do you take a toothpick if you put
inside the oil you the see to the oil
it's hot or not
you see starter dough to pick one more
minutes the oil is ready we do it again
with a toothpick you see when we bubble
really good the oil it's ready the
calamari to go inside okay let me check
out the temperature the oil is ready for
the calamari one of the toothpick don't
always start the boil you see now the
oil is ready for the calamari to go in
look at a happiness in the oil like I
said make it sugar user the cupcake
okay
this battery minutes will be ready
okay now the Taliban is already they we
do with the ground
what did I overhear
okay
okay now let me test my fried calamari
with a put a little sauce you hmm
real good the sauce is really hot and
the calamari it's a nice soft inside
that's not bored garboil first that's
really good thank you very much
everybody
I hope with this recipe they were
caramel everybody liked thank you I'll
see you next recipe thank you